===== PAGE 993460550 =====
We will integrate the VLDB Settings and the other properties of an object
(Attribute, Metric, Prompt…) into one window. The user can edit all the
properties of an object within this window, instead of distributing the entry
points everywhere.


Persona & Use Case

The System Admin and Analytics Architect will define the properties at different
levels to optimize the system performance. There is a huge amount of properties
for each object, which is complicated and easy to lead errors setting one by one
from scratch.

 * The vast majority of the existing users will use an XML file to maintain the
   properties, which is safe, efficient and flexible to edit the properties by
   coding.

 * A small group of users will define the properties one by one. We will provide
   the recommended default value for each property.




EntryPoint

Entrypoint 1

Click on the “Advanced Properties“ on the toolbar of each object editor, popup
the window. Below is the example of the Attribute Editor.



Entrypoint 2

Right mouse clicks one object to trigger the context menu, click “Get Info“.

Show the tab called “Advanced Properties“ at the left panel.




Main Use Case: Import an existing XML file

Initial Status

By default, display the basic properties for each tab.

There is “Import“ and “Export“ buttons at the top left corner.

Import XML file

Click “Import“ to trigger the small window. User can either select a file in
system folder or drag a file to import.

Import file successfully

Once the file imported, read and use the value of the settings in the
DssPropertySet file.

There will be more or fewer properties be displayed under each group, it depends
on the properties saved in the imported file.

If there are additional properties appear, they will be mixed with the existing
properties.

The imported file may lead to the change of the top categories, groups, and
properties under each group.


Use Case 2: Define the properties manually

Initial Status

By default, display the basic properties for the object.

Show All Settings

Toggle on “Show All Settings“, all the settings under each group will be
displayed.

Change Value

User can change the value for each setting.

We will read the inherited value as the top priority, then the default value for
the field.

 * If there is an inherited value from the upper level, show the inherited value
   by default, and tell the user the value is inherited from which level.

 * If the field has no inherited value, show the default value by default.

 * Inherited value may equal to the default value.


Use Case 3: Search a target property to change the value

Search Behavior

 * Filter the settings that matched the keyword and highlight the keywords.

 * The search will cross tabs, switching tab should maintain the searching and
   show the searching results.

The searching works on

 * Setting Name (Count The Number of Rows)

 * Group Name (for example, the “Table Row Counts”)

If switch to a tab that does not contain the search result, show a default image
to indicate users.

Search In Get Info Dialog

Regarding the current design, search only works for the “Advanced Properties“
tab, and the Import/Export works in the same way. They will not impact the
contents in the other tabs.

Question: Does the importing XML file works for the other properties in
“Properties“ and “Security Access“?

Hani: Security Access is NOT PropertySet even though both are in Object Info.
So, the XML approach can only be applicable to PropertySet.




Inherited & Default Value


UI Control Type

Sample

Radio Button → Dropdown

 * Inherited Option

 * Default Option

 * Other Option



Checkbox → Dropdown

Value = True/False

 * Inherited Value

 * Default Value

 * Other Value



Dropdown with Another Input

 * Inherited Option

 * Default Option

 * Other Option

 * A new input box will appear when selecting the option needs user input

Text Filed/Area → Combo Box

 * Show the Inherited/default value by default

 * Focus to type other value directly, a dropdown with suggestions
   (inherited/default value) appears as well.

Stepper → Text Field

Preview SQL → Expandable Text Box



Is there any other cases I missed?

The items above list all the control types I met for VLDB Properties.

@Engine team





200318 Design


Entry Point

Entry 1: Click on the “Advanced Properties“ on the toolbar of each editor, popup
the window. Below is the example of the Attribute Editor.

Entry 2: Right mouse click one object to trigger the context menu, click “Get
Info“.

Scope of this design:

13 complete Attribute > Display 14 complete Attribute > VLDB Settings 15
complete Prompt > Web Options 16 complete Custom Group > Options 17 complete
Warehouse Catalog > Options 18 incomplete Dossier > VLDB Settings 19 incomplete
Database Instance > VLDB Settings 20 incomplete Metric > VLDB Settings 21
incomplete Project > VLDB Settings 22 incomplete Report/Intelligent Cube > VLDB
Settings 23 incomplete Template > VLDB Settings 24 incomplete Transformation >
VLDB Settings

Reference: VLDB Settings in Developer


Layout & Interaction

Description

Mockup

Layout

Left Panel + Settings Panel + Search box

 * List the high-level categories on the left panel.

 * Switch the tab, the settings changed as well.

 * Search the label of the settings, to quickly locate the target settings.

 * The search box is in the floating bar, which is always at the top of the
   dialog.

Inherit Value

For VLDB settings, most of the settings need to use the inherit value by
default.

The green checkmark is clickable.

Case1: Click (uncheck) to use the same value but not inherited.

Case2: Switch an option (different with the inherit one), the green checkmark
turns to white (blank).

Case3: Switch to the inherited option back, the white checkmark still be white.

Case4: User needs to check the checkmark manually to use the inherited value.

Label Exceeds Max Length

 * Settings Name: Truncate if the label exceeds 3 rows- length, hover to show a
   tooltip to display the whole label.

 * Options in Dropdown list: Truncate if the label exceeds 1 row, hover to show
   a tooltip to display the whole option.

Alignment Need to be reviewed

Dropdown With Another Input Box

Another input box will be displayed if the option needs user input is selected.

Preview SQL

 * Click the text button “Preview SQL“, expand the text box.

 * As the option changed, the SQL changed as well. If the text box is expanded,
   while the option changed, the user can preview the SQL changes.



Search Behavior

 * Filter the settings that matched the keyword and highlight the keywords.

 * The search will cross tabs, switching tab should maintain the searching and
   show the searching results.

 * The searching works on Group Name (for example, the “Table Row Counts”),
   Setting Name (Count The Number of Rows) and the Explanation (if applicable).

 * If switch to a tab that does not contain the search result, show a default
   image to indicate users.

Demo:




Attribute Settings

Notes

Screenshots

Questions

By Default

Show the two categories on the left panel:

 * Display

 * VLDB Settings

“Display” is the default selected tab. There is no inherited settings in this
tab.



Is there need to add the explaination for the settings of “Element Display“ and
“Element Caching“?

VLDB Settings contains the categories below:

 * Dynamic Sourcing

 * Joins

 * Tables

They use the inherited values by default, which marked with the green checkmark.



The Options of Each Setting

Element Display

 * Locked

 * Unlocked

 * Limit - 1000 (default)(MAX=1000000)

String Comparison Behavior

 * Use case insensitive string comparison with dynamic sourcing (default)

 * Do not allow any string comparison with dynamic sourcing

Preserve Final Pass Result Elements

 * Preserve common elements of final pass result table and lookup/relationship
   table (default)

 * Preserve all final result pass elements

 * Preserve all elements of final pass result table with respect to lookup table
   but not relationship table

Another option for String Comparison:

Which is better for String Comparison Behavior, dropdown or toggle button?


Prompt Settings

Notes

Screenshots

Question

We will provide two sections for prompt: Display Style and Style Properties

Select display style first, then the properties may change as the display style
changed.

There are two options of layout for Display Style.

Option 1: Combine the Display Style and Custom Style into one dropdown.

Option 2: Follow the design of Developer.

Is the “Custom Style“ be able to integrate with the “Display Style“? The user
can select the custom style in the Display style dropdown list.



Shopping cart & List

They share the same settings as the screenshot.



Radio button & Check box

They share the same settings as the screenshot.

For example:

 1. Shall we change the setting of “Number of Items Per Column/row“ to “auto” by
    default? User can modify the value by seleting Fixed and type a number in
    the stepper.

 1. What’s the limit of the number of items per column/row? It’s 999 currently,
    but not make sense.



Pull down



LIst Height/Width Mode

The stepper will be displayed if the option “Fixed“ is selected. The default
value is 3 inches.

The Stepper disappears when the selection is “Auto“.



Error Handling

Case 1: There is the existing value in the input box. The value user enters is
in invalid format. The value will be auto correct to the default value or the
latest saved value. A tooltip pops up to indicate user the value has to be
between 1 to 999.



Case 2: There is no default value in the input box, the value user enters is in
invalid format. A tooltip pops up. The border of the input field turns red.
After losing focus of this input field, the invalid value stays in the input
field and the border will remain in red to indicate user. The "OK" button will
also be disabled.



Case 3: User inputs a value less than smallest number or greater than biggest
number, auto correct to the closest edge. A tooltip pops up.

Unified UI: Case 3 behavior is different from project level & server level "All
settings" WorkStation "All setting" page UI Spec


Custom Group Settings

Notes

Screenshots

Questions

There is only one tab for custom group: Options.

Only the “Custom Group interaction with report filter“ has the inherited value?

The Options of Each Setting

Element Header Display

 * Above child elements

 * Below child elements

Interaction With Report Filter

 * No intercation - static custom group

 * Apply report filter to custom group

 * Apply report filter to custom group, but ignore related elements from the
   report filter




Warehouse Catalog Settings

Notes

Screenshots

Questions

Catalog

Remove the per DB role settings (Warehouse Connection) in this panel, since the
entry point is in the context menu when RMC a DB role.

Keep the two categories:

 * Read Settings

 * Read Mode





View

There are 3 groups in this tab:

 * Table Prefixes

 * Table Row Counts

 * Table Name Spaces

Default status - Disable the function of “Automatically Define Prefixes“.



View - Enable “Automatically Define Prefixes“

If toggle on the function “Automatically Define Prefixes“, a dropdown will
appear. The default option of the dropdown is “Set a prefix based on the
warehouse table name space or owner (import Prefix)“.



View - Set a default prefix

If user select “Set a default prefix“, another input field “Default Prefix“ will
appear.

The user needs to select a default prefix from the dropdown list.



View - Select Default Prefix

This is a searchable dropdown.

User can search or select one from the list. Hover on an option, show the delete
icon, click to delete from the prefix list.

There is an entry point at the bottom of the list, click to create new prefix.

The behavior is different from the current design on developer.

View - Search Default Prefix

If no existing prefix match the searching keyword, only keep the entry of create
new prefix on the list.

Click to trigger the dialog box. The keyword the user just searched will be
pre-populated in the input box.



View - Create Table Prefix - Error Handling

Show the inline error message when typing the table prefix.



Schema






UI Patterns for Compatible With Existing Settings

Existing Control Type

New Control Type

Sample

Radio Button

Dropdown Button

Setting options include multiple choices, which are long-phrase or sentences,
but only allow single selection.

CheckBox

Toggle Button

Setting options include on/off, true/false and the two options with opposite
meaning only.

Text Field

Text Field

Setting requires type-in short text

Preview SQL

Expandable Text Area

Setting options with SQL Preview

Stepper

Stepper

Setting requires type-in value and allows incremental changes.

Text Area

Text Area

Setting options requires a long paragraph.

Multiple Selection

Multiple Selection Drop-down

Setting options include multiple choices, which allow multi-selection.


