===== PAGE 986616074 =====



https://rally1.rallydev.com/#/27954169967d/detail/portfolioitem/feature/369494335572
[https://rally1.rallydev.com/#/27954169967d/detail/portfolioitem/feature/369494335572]




Details string update, please check the link 

Design for web library 




Design goal:
 1. Updating the design for export to PDF in authoring web, make the interface
    and internal logic consistent with client
 2. Adjust the design to meet the need for authoring persona （main goal is try
    to export a better looking pdf, able to accept more settings showing to him
    ）
 3. Try to achieve the goal of simplicity, easier act and less confusion 




Overviewdescriptiondifferent with clientmock up for authoring (all settings show
here)

panel reorganize

Combine PDF settings and Content settings into More settings

We show more settings in authoring web




      (show filter by default choose All filters at the end, apply for all mock
up in this page)

string updatingUpdating all strings to keep consistent with client


Setting hide/disable logic

Hide the settings which don’t work or need to choose. And disable the settings
that don’t work on specific conditions.

Hide settings

Grid setting, contents, range

Disable settings

Disable settings

           

Orientation Setting UI style

Change the icons of Landscape and Portrait. And remove the Automatic setting.

Authoring can not support remembering user choice for now

Dropdown Option Tooltip

Support the tooltip for the dropdown when hovering on the options which provide
users expectation for export results.



Grid Settings Tooltip 

Support tooltip with image and words






Entry Point

There are four different entry points for Export to PDF

1.File-Export to PDF (inside dossier)



2.Visualization Setting- Export - PDF(inside dossier)



3.Authoring home - PDF (outside dossier)



4.Authoring home - subscription - add-PDF(outside dossier)



5.File-schedule delivery to Email  (inside dossier)






6. report- alert - new entrypoint





Entry point 1: File-Export to PDF (inside dossier)

(show filter by default choose All filters at the end, apply for all mock up in
this page)

DescriptionMockupsRANGE: This page      (viz type can be detected)If there's one
grid on this page

The strings have been updated.

Hide content

The default settings are displayed on the right.

default  paper size: letter









If there's one graph on this page

The default settings are displayed on the right.

Hide content

Hide the grid settings when there's no grid on the page.

   

If there are multiple visualizations on this page

no grid




The default option for Contents is 'All visualizations together.'

Hide grid settings



has grid

show grid setting



when choose ‘

Each visualization separately’ or ‘Both’

if this page contains grid, show grid setting

if this page does not contain grid, hide grid setting




  

RANGE: This chapter or entire dossier           (viz type can not be
detected)Users choose this chapter or entire dossier

The default option for Contents is 'All visualizations together.'







enable grid setting



when choose ‘

Each visualization separately’ or ‘Both’

enable grid setting

(This is not our expectation from UX perspective. However, because we can’t
support detect whether there is a grid in the chapter/dossier right now, we can
only detect current page. So we will always show the Grid Settings, when range
is This chapter/Entire dossier and contents is not All visualizations together.)



Help information

There are two tooltips on the window. Users can hover on info icon to see more
information.




Tooltip 1: 

The grid will be scaled to fit the page width. Multiple pages may be needed to
display all the rows of data.




Tooltip 2:

Grids with several columns that cannot fit one page will be split into multiple
pages. Set the attribute columns to repeat on each page to provide additional
context.








When users hover on the info icon, we will show the tooltip to explain the
options. 




All visualizations together

Export the content currently displayed on a single page. For visualizations that
require scrolling, like grids, this option will only export some of your data.




Each visualization separately

Export each visualization on a separate page. Grids may require more than one
page depending on the number of rows and columns.







Entry point 2: Visualization Setting- Export - PDF(inside dossier)





grid



graph




Entry point 3&4&5: Authoring home - PDF & Subscription

viz type can not be detected, grid setting always show

when subscribe/ export a dossier in authoring home page




set default range to entire dossier

contents all visualization together




other rules the same with interface inside dossier



tooltip




Entry point 6: report- alert - new entrypoint

viz type can not be detected, grid setting always show

add PDF settings   button

when user choose  the dossier deliver format as PDF







pdf setting same with Entry point 3&4




set default range to entire dossier

contents all visualization together




other rules the same with interface inside dossier







Spec


Interface 











Icons

250

iconpositionsize



(0, 150)18*18 px(1508, 206)26*26 px



(1544, 206)26*26 px








Contents default value case collections，including handle for none viz (same with
client)

Casebehavior Contents default value


Range:This page

single viz

Hide Contents

(Show Grid Settings depends on whether it is a grid)

Each visualization separately



single viz + non-viz

Show Contents

(Show Grid Settings depends on whether it is a grid)

Each visualization separately

  

multiple viz

Show Contents (Show Grid Settings depends on whether it is a grid)

All visualizations together

non viz




Hide Contents, Hide Grid Settings

All visualizations together



Range: This chapter/Entire dossier

Multiple viz

Show Contents, show Grid Settings

All visualizations together















































